one two three oh [ __ ]
it's our film ladies exciting stuff
feels a little different around here and
we got a few men in the gym finally all
right don't distract them they have work
to do my costume still smells like beer
and your racism was I supposed to wash
these you have a good brakes yeah just
getting divorced complicated usually you
do a lot better job than keeping your
weird friendship stuff out of the ring
just so you can keep out of it right
glow welfare queen it's a wrestling show
I'm not the only offensive character
everyone's offensive we have fans I mean
the girls get letters there's weird
outside wait you're my favorite I can
see that we're gonna be canceled I can't
believe this I think this might has
something to do with me
[Music]
that is how this business works it's
gonna be that way
they gave a men's wrestling show our
slot so you just let them do whatever
they want [ __ ] now what are we gonna do
about it
I say we do whatever the hell we want to
do except the weirdos free and see what
happens you want to be respected you
gotta make yourself useful
I know it I'm worse and I'm not
apologizing to anyone everything is
gonna be hard I forgot to pick up my son
at daycare today I don't want to make
this show that who's ready to do this I
know this is gonna be hard
but I believe in miracles and we are
going to make this miracle happen we are
the gorgeous ladies
[Applause]
[Music]
you wanna wrestle with mommy some you're
older you can talk about it with your
stare
you